Hello
Well my name is Jesus Sandoval I am
I belong to the company then the
finanzauto material supplier
caterpillar in spain 'and my functions
they are responsible for the central and southern area
of rentals of this company
this work is a bird trace is a
trace of the high- speed train in the
which they were preparing the ground
doing the lifts
the bridges
to continue extending the high line
speed between madrid and the Basque country
the particularity of it is the
complexity of the team and the company that
we are working we are talking about
a company that is one of the most
of Spain and in which it has
a 100% service we are talking about a
work of three shifts where where the
Trust and product quality
stands out above other things up
the difference where we could have been
of full in rentals in this work in
referring to other other
Business
What we offer to the client is different
to others
try to have a factory of your
work to make you more productive
and we also try to adapt to the
demand for these needs in the case
for example that they need something
special one machine we try
Do everything possible to satisfy
your needs